# XRouter Use Cases

The applications for XRouter are as vast and imaginative as the internet. Below are a few examples of use cases:

* **Supply Chain** - In supply chain there will be multiple blockchains being used at various steps of the process much like there is today with traditional software stacks. The Blocknet Protocol and XRouter would allow information to be accessible between these different blockchains. For Example, pharmaceutical manufacturers have strict regulations to follow and need to provide certain information and assurances. Being able to access batch information from the raw materials being consumed, temperature and humidity information during transportation, and final destinations are all important. A smart contract utilizing XRouter to gather this information from each respective chain and write it to the pharmaceutical’s blockchain along with the batch code. XRouter would enable this communication to occur in a trustless way, which is important to ensure validity of the information.
* **Storage and Hosting** - If creating a dApp on Ethereum, you may require storage functionality. Ethereum doesn’t intrinsically handle file storage very efficiently. In this scenario, XRouter can be used to interact with other blockchains such as Storj, Filecoin, Sia, or Swarm to utilize their storage services.
* **Media and Content** - For content creation, a creator has the option of publishing to the LBRY Credits or Alexandria blockchains. Similar to HootSuite, which is a tool that allows posting to multiple social media platforms simultaneously, a dApp can be created using XRouter that offers the same benefit. The user can post their content once, whether it’s audio, video, literature, or art, and have it published to Alexandria’s and LBRY Credit’s blockchain platform simultaneously.&#x20;
* **Markets** - There are many blockchains creating decentralized marketplaces including Origami, District0x, OpenBazaar, and Syscoin’s marketplace, but the offering of products are relatively low on each independent platform. A dApp that utilizes XRouter to aggregate all the products into a single hub would offer a lot more options to users and a fuller marketplace. It can also make publishing products easier by publishing to all platforms simultaneously through a single form, offering more exposure than posting to a single marketplace while saving time.
* **Business and Industry** - There are many dApps and blockchains that will end up using health data. Rather than submitting health data to each application, a universal EHR (Electronic Health Record) blockchain can be created to manage personal medical data and accessibility of data by each application. The health data on this EHR ledger can be shared amongst healthcare providers, hospitals, and insurance blockchains, dApps, and applications via XRouter.&#x20;
* **Certifications** - Certifications and licensing records can be stored on a dedicated blockchain where they could be verified by a dApp built on the Blocknet Protocol. These records can be used to confirm qualifications and grant access or permissions.
